CB1500A11
Geography Area Series: County Business Patterns

Release Date : 04/20/2017

NOTE: Data based on the 2015 County Business Patterns. CBP html tables and download files can be found at the  County Business Patterns Website.
For information on confidentiality protection, sampling error, nonsampling error, and definitions, see  Survey Methodology.
Data in this table represent those available when this report was created; data may not be available for all NAICS industries or geographies. Excludes most government employees, railroad employees, and self-employed persons.

 
 
  Table Name
  Geography Area Series: County Business Patterns: 2015 
  
 
  Release Schedule
  The data in this file were released on April 20, 2017.
  
 
  Key Table Information
  Beginning with reference year 2007, CBP data are released using the Noise disclosure methodology to protect confidentiality. See Survey Methodology for complete information on the coverage and methodology of the County Business Patterns data series. 
  
 
  Universe
  The universe of this file is all operating establishments with one or more paid employees. This universe includes most establishments classified in the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Codes 11 through 813990. For specific exclusions and inclusions, see Industry Classification of Establishments. 
  
 
  Geography Coverage
  The data are shown at the U.S. level and by State, County, Metropolitan and Micropolitan Statistical Areas, and Congressional District. Also available are data for the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the Island Areas (American Samoa, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and the U.S. Virgin Islands) at the state and county equivalent levels. 
  
 
  Industry Coverage
  The data are shown at the 2- through 6-digit NAICS code levels for all sectors with published data. 
  
 
  Data Items and Other Identifying Records
  This file contains data on the number of establishments, total employment, first quarter payroll and annual payroll. 
  
 
  Sort Order
  Data are presented in ascending geography by NAICS code sequence. 
  
 
  FTP Download
  Download the entire table at http://www2.census.gov/econ2015/CB/sector00/CB1500A11.zip. 
  
 
  Contact Information
  U.S. Census Bureau Economy-Wide Statistics Division Business Statistics Branch Tel: (301)763-2580 Email: ewd.county.business.patterns@census.gov 
  


a	0 to 19 employees

D	Withheld to avoid disclosing data for individual companies; data are included in higher level totals

Source: U.S. Census Bureau, 2015 County Business Patterns.

